New Developer Portal Content (#92)
frequency-chain/docs: pages/Guides/BecomeAProvider.md

# Become a Provider

## What is a Provider?

In the Frequency ecosystem, a **Provider** is an entity (often an application or service) that interacts directly with the Frequency blockchain on behalf of users.
Providers handle transactions, manage user delegations, and facilitate various operations within the network.

### From a developer's perspective, Providers:

* **Create and Update User Content with Permission:** Providers publish new content or modify existing content on behalf of users, such as posts, comments, and other social interactions, after obtaining the user's consent.
* **Maintain the User's Social Graph:** Providers manage and update users' social connections, such as following or unfollowing other users, and maintaining friend lists, ensuring that the user's relationships are accurately represented on the blockchain.

> * **Store User Content and Write Links to It on Frequency:** Providers either store user-generated content files (e.g., media files, documents) or links to off-chain storage of these content files on the Frequency blockchain, enabling decentralized access and verification.

Reviewer: Bolded section titles have weird capitalization. Maybe go all caps on first letter?

Author: It does feel a bit odd, but this is the official Title Case grammar rules.

* **Enhance User Experience:** Providers may offer intuitive user interfaces and seamless interactions, so users don't need to experience or understand the underlying blockchain mechanics.

## How to Become a Provider

Before you become a provider, you will need to make sure you have a wallet and Testnet Token.
To set up your digital wallet and obtain testnet tokens go to [https://faucet.testnet.frequency.xyz/](https://faucet.testnet.frequency.xyz/) and follow these directions for setting a wallet and getting tokens.

Next you will need to follow a few simple steps to register as a Provider:

1. Visit the [Provider Dashboard](https://provider.frequency.xyz/) to set up your official Provider account on the testnet.
2. On the Provider Dashboard, you will be asked to select which network you would like to join from the dropdown.  You may select among the [available networks](https://provider.frequency.xyz/faq): Mainnet, Testnet on Paseo, Localhost, or Custom.
3. Select your account from the dropdown.

> 4. Enter a Provider name. Note this is a text field where you must enter a name other than your MSA Id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Enter a Provider name. Note this is not the same as your MSA Id; it is a text field where you should enter the name you wish register under as a Provider (typically a company or application name).
```
